[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law
and launch an attack on
Doflamingo in Dressrosa.
But the tale of Law, Doflamingo,
and his younger brother Corazon,
began years ago,
when Law was still a child.
Look, Law! I brought
a surprise with me!
[ROSINANTE] Eat up and heal up!
What're you waiting for?
[LAW]
It's gross!
I don't care!
Just eat the damn thing!
You chew and swallow!
Corazon's work, I'm sure.
In other words,
don't let him go anywhere!
He has the Op-Op Fruit!
There's nowhere to run.
[ROSINANTE]
I don't think I can save myself,
but maybe I can still save him.
[ROSINANTE]
This may be the end of the road,
but I hope you'll
remember me when I'm gone.
[ROSINANTE] I promise
I'll go out with a smile.
[ROSINANTE]
Maybe it's not worth much,
but if you do think
back on me someday...
[ROSINANTE] ...I'd rather
you remember me smiling.
[ROSINANTE]
We gotta get moving, buddy.
[gasps, screams]
Let's go!
[BARRELS PIRATES yelling]
[BARRELS PIRATE A]
Please! Stop!
It's madness!
I don't know how
to describe this!
Suddenly, the whole town
was surrounded by
some kind of giant cage.
We can't get in!
And all the pirates went insane!
They're screaming and running
and cutting each other down!
It's a massacre!
[BARRELS PIRATE E] Drie! Don't
run away, you gotta help me!
There has to some
way out of here!
Don't go! We need you!
[BARRELS PIRATE E screams]
A raid!
[BARRELS PIRATE J screams]
It's the Don Quixote Family!
Drie! Damn!
Where the hell'd
that brat run off to?
It's life or death
and he's gone!
Guess our strongest fighter
is our biggest coward, huh?
We'll have to make do!
[BARRELS gasps]
[BARRELS groans]
[BARRELS]
Doflamingo!
So you're the bastard who ran
off with our Op-Op Fruit, huh?
Who "ran off"?
I'm here, you drunk!
If you hadn't lost it,
I'd be taking
that fruit right now!
[BARRELS screams]
[MACHVISE]
Let's start haul-een these away!
Sounds good.
Just make sure you grab
every last bit, 'kay?
This is excite-een!
Not too shabby!
They're pretty loaded
for a bunch of chumps!
But we still need to
find Corazon, remember?
So stop fooling around!
[LAO G] Buffalo! Have you
spotted anything yet?
[BUFFALO]
Everything's burnt to a crisp!
If there's any survivors,
I sure don't see them!
--Bzzt.
--I caught a message!
[MARINE C] Search for
any possible victims!
We took a boy into protective
custody at the coast.
[BUFFALO gasps]
The Navy said they
took a boy into custody!
And why should I care?
Get your lazy asses in gear
and find Corazon!
--[BABY 5] Okay!
--[BUFFALO] We're on it!
[LAO G]
G.
Where the hell did
that little traitor go?
Must've found a really
good hiding spot.
Or we're wasting our time
and he already
kicked the bucket!
[VERGO]
Doffy. This is our boss.
So this one little guy
knocked everyone out cold, huh?
You must have
some powerful Haki!
[ROSINANTE]
Brother, you can't do this!
Doflamingo!
Why? Why did you
take my power from me?
[TREBOL] Do you want me to
give you the strength
to take revenge?
Father, we have to live with
this mess you put us in!
Unless I take your head back
to the Holyland, that is!
[sobs]
Doflamingo. Rosinante.
[DOFLAMINGO gasps]
You have a very foolish
father. I'm sorry.
[ROSINANTE screaming, crying]
[ROSINANTE panting]
[ROSINANTE]
Hey!
[GLADIUS]
It's you!
[PICA] Doffy! It sounds like
Gladius ran into Corazon.
[ROSINANTE] Listen, Law, stay
still and they won't find you.
This is a trick that always
works against pirates!
[GLADIUS]
I saw Corazon go that way!
--[gunshot]
--Lao G! Over here!
[TREBOL laughs]
[GLADIUS]
Close in on him!
[MACHVISE]
You're gonna get a crush-een!
[gunshot]
[LAW]
Why can't I open this lid?
Is something sitting on it?
--[gunshot]
--Cora!
Your aim really does stink!
Let me try! Vipera Glaive!
[LAO G yells]
[TREBOL laughs]
Watch out!
Sticky Launcher!
[TREBOL laughs]
I got you now!
[ROSINANTE screams]
Diamante!
[DIAMANTE]
Aw, yeah!
[yells]
[chuckles] That smarts.
[laughs]
[DIAMANTE chuckles]
[GLADIUS]
Why have you been pretending
that you can't
talk all this time?
Because I've got
nothing to talk about.
Not to garbage like you punks.
[GLADIUS] Insolence! You made
a fool of the Young Master!
Unforgivable! Unforgivable!
You've done enough, Gladius.
We can't have him die
before the Young Master arrives.
[TREBOL laughs]
Let us have some fun!
You were trying to lure the Navy
into an all-out war with us,
weren't you, ya lying bastard?
You're quite the
little villain, huh?
[ROSINANTE groans]
[LAW]
Cora!
[LAO G]
Hey! The Young Master's here!
[coughing]
[DOFLAMINGO] I haven't seen you
in six months. Corazon.
Hey, whoa!
[ROSINANTE crying]
[SENGOKU]
You have nowhere to go?
Well. You're safe with us.
[ROSINANTE]
Marine Code 01746.
Rosinante. Commander from HQ.
[ROSINANTE] Captain of the Don
Quixote Family. Doflamingo.
I've been working undercover
to prevent a tragedy
of your making.
That has been my mission
I took as a Marine.
I lied to you. Sorry.
I didn't want you to
hate me, that's all.
[LAW]
Why are saying this now?
I already knew! Of course I did!
[GLADIUS]
An apology?
You really think we'll
show mercy on you now?
I don't have the patience
for your insipid little jokes.
So, you'd better answer
my questions now!
Where is the Op-Op Fruit
and where is Law?
[ROSINANTE] The Op-Op Fruit?
That's long gone.
Law ate it right up.
[GLADIUS, LAO G gasp]
In other words,
he's a power-holder.
That's how he was able to
get out of your cage.
There's a Navy
lookout ship nearby
that probably took him in
to protective custody already.
Which means he's safe from you.
Young Master!
[BABY 5] We heard over
the radio that the Navy
took a boy into
custody at the coast!
[DOFLAMINGO] Why didn't you
tell me sooner? This is urgent!
[BUFFALO] I swear,
I got here as fast as I could!
[BABY 5]
We're sorry!
[ROSINANTE] A boy?
Lucky coincidence, I guess.
Since Law is here.
I'll undo the Birdcage!
Go check into that, quickly!
[ROSINANTE] I don't understand,
but I'm grateful.
It seems that fate is conspiring
to keep you alive, Law.
[ROSINANTE]
One guardian angel after another
keeps swooping in to save you.
All of you, prepare to set sail!
If what we just heard was true,
we need to attack
that Navy Ship!
Then we'll take back Law!
Don't bother. What would
you do with him?
What would I do?
Isn't it obvious?
If Law ate the Op-Op Fruit,
like you said,
he needs to be
educated properly.
So the boy can die for me.
[DOFLAMINGO] You really have
gone out of your way
to cause me trouble,
haven't you?
Why do you insist on
undermining your brother?
Why are you
forcing me to do this?
To kill my own flesh
and blood yet again!
[LAW] Cora, you sure
you're gonna be okay?
You point that gun,
but I know you can't shoot me.
Because in the end,
you're just like your father.
[LAW] You told me
we'd escape together!
[ROSINANTE]
Listen, Law.
When a pirate sees a treasure
chest like that one,
they can't resist picking it up
and taking it on
their ship with them.
That means, as long as
you stay in here,
you'll definitely have a chance
to get out of this cage.
So don't move!
What about you?
That's okay! You ate the fruit.
That's the only thing
Doffy's really interested in.
Besides, he and I
are brothers, remember?
He might get mad, sure,
but it's not like he's gonna
kill his own flesh and blood.
And Calm.
[ROSINANTE] Now, even if you
rumble around in there,
it won't make any noise.
I'll see you in the
next town, all right?
Hey. Law?
I love you, kid!
[laughs]
[LAW] This isn't what you
promised me at all, Cora!
You said he wasn't
gonna kill you!
Law wouldn't obey you
anyway, Doffy. Sorry.
[ROSINANTE]
He only had three years to live.
And he knew that,
but he kept fighting anyway.
He grew much stronger.
[ROSINANTE]
He found himself again.
He's not the same lost child
who threw himself before
a killer like you.
He has nothing to gain
from someone
who only longs for destruction.
He's above that.
[ROSINANTE]
So you leave him the hell alone.
'Cause Law's finally free now!
[ROSINANTE] You say that again!
Who did you call a monster?
[LAW] Whoa! He tripped
and he's on fire!
[ROSINANTE]
See? Slept well, right?
[LAW]
Cut it out!
[ROSINANTE]
I love you, kid!
Not yet.
[ROSINANTE] I have to survive
just a little bit longer.
[MACHVISE]
Pull the ship over here!
[ROSINANTE]
Because if I die now,
the spell I cast will
be broken in an instant.
[ROSINANTE] And if you cry
or make a single noise,
anyone on the island
might hear it.
[ROSINANTE]
Pick yourself up, Law.
Go silently. Unseen.
Farther and farther.
There's nothing to
bind you down anymore.
[ROSINANTE] Not the iron
borders of White Town,
or the sickness
that hounded you.
Your life is finally your own.
Hurry it up!
That's Tsuru's warship!
Dammit!
[ROSINANTE] So don't be sad.
You're free now.
[sobbing]
[TSURU]
Fire!
[DIAMANTE gasps]
[LAW crying]
[screams]
[NARRATOR]
Sacrificing his own life,
Corazon paved Law's
path to the future.
Now, in order to claim
his freedom once and for all,
Law takes aim at Doflamingo
and makes the shot that Corazon
could not all those years ago.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"To Be Free!
Law's Injection Shot Blasts!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!